# Examensarbete / Bachelor Thesis
Two advergames placed on a video-streaming website.

Abstract from the thesis:
The study discusses how gamified ads, a so-called advergame that combines game andadvertising, can affect user engagement on a platform like Youtube. A prototype was createdwith the aim of illustrating how gamified advertising on a video platform can be portrayed. Thepurpose of the study is to gain a better understanding regarding users' attitude towardsadvertising and how it influences their engagement to interact with an advergame on a videoplatform. Further, the intention of the study is to evaluate which game elements affect users’engagement on an advergame. The study consisted of qualitative methods and prototypedevelopment. The prototype was developed over two iterations and four usability tests were alsoconducted to improve the prototype. The prototype was then tested in a focus group and in threeinterviews made up of pairs. The interviews were held on site in two cities in southwest Skåne.The result contributed insights into how people interact with digital advertising and theirthoughts about an advergame. The response from the interviews indicated that it is notappropriate to use advergames on a video platform because it interferes with the user's intentionas to why they are on Youtube. Furthermore, it is concluded that game elements such asleaderboards, points and medals promote engagement and encourage the users to interact withan advergame. To get a clearer result, further prototype development as well as tests andinterviews are required.
